elem                             spec     lib-basic      
nat-basic1                       spec     lib-basic      
nat-basic2                       spec     lib-basic      
nat                              spec     lib-basic      
set-basic                        spec     lib-basic      
set-union                        spec     lib-basic      
oelem                            spec     lib-basic      
gelem                            spec     lib-basic      
oseta                            spec     lib-basic      
oset                             spec     lib-basic      
list-data                        spec     lib-basic      
list                             spec     lib-basic      
list-dup                         spec     lib-basic      
list-last                        spec     lib-basic      
data                             spec     lib-basic      
elemdata                         spec     lib-basic      
pair                             spec     lib-extended   
pair1a                           spec     lib-digraph    
pair1                            spec     lib-digraph    
diedge                           spec     lib-digraph    
digraph-basic                    spec     lib-digraph    
digraph-size                     spec     lib-digraph    
digraph-del                      spec     lib-digraph    
digraph-pathp                    spec     lib-digraph    
digraph-spathp                   spec     lib-digraph    
digraph-pathex                   spec     lib-digraph    
digraph-cycle                    spec     lib-digraph    
digraph-vertices                 spec     lib-digraph    
digraph-neighbours               spec     lib-digraph    
digraph-outsorted-neighbours     spec     digraph-modules
list-del                         spec     lib-basic      
list-set                         spec     lib-basic      
list-perm                        spec     lib-basic      
olista                           spec     lib-basic      
olist                            spec     lib-basic      
setlist                          spec     lib-extended   
bool                             spec     lib-basic      
